---
layout: post
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->

title: Taking Part in Hack Club's High Seas
permalink: /:categories/:title
category: experiences
date: 2nd February 2025
---

Recently, I took part in the [High Seas](https://highseas.hackclub.com) event which was hosted by [Hack Club](https://hackclub.com/).<!--more--> It lasted from 30th October 2024 to 31st January 2025. I started participating right after my year end exams, on 26th December 2024 - so I did not have much time to grind.

## HOW HIGH SEAS WORKS

You ship projects, and others vote on them in the "Wonderdome", where you have to pick one of two projects each round. When you ship projects, you are required to perform 12 matches in the Wonderdome. Based on the votes you get, and the time you spent (hours), doubloons will be awarded to you. These doubloons can be spent on the shop - where they offer various prizes such as stickers, credits, laptops, Raspberry Pis, and GitHub merch.

## STATS

Below are some stats about my participation in the event:

- -> **Total time spent**: 90 hours (72.9 hours shipped)
- -> **Shipped projects**: 8
- -> **Doubloons earned**: 1183 (avg 16/hr)

## THINGS I GOT FROM THE SHOP

- -> $30 credit for Porkbun (I bought [theluqmn.com](https://theluqmn.com) and [luqmn.com](https://luqmn.com))
- -> GitHub Invertocat Stanley Tumbler
- -> GitHub Denik Layflat Notebook
- -> GitHub Universe Hackable Badge (Badger 2350)
- -> Blåhaj (the IKEA shark plushie!)
- -> GitHub Invertocat Pin
- -> Hack Club branded 64GB MicroSD card
- -> Lots of High Seas stickers

The GitHub Hackable Badge arrived a week prior to the release of this post (and is the only one that has arrived so far). The badge was really cool, I have spent quite a few hours tinkering with it, but the built-in microPython does not work well with my Windows 11 machine.

---

This event has been a lot of fun (and stress), but I am glad for the experience. I met countless wholesome individuals who are simply cracked in coding, and the things I redeemed at the shop has been really cool, and meaningful especially for my upcoming projects.
