---
layout: post
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->

title: Some Updates, and I'm back!
permalink: /:categories/:title
category: updates
date: 8th June 2025
---

It has been a while since I last wrote a post. I have been busy with school, and all the commitments and responsibilities that come with it. School is fine, but very time consuming. I have not worked on any major projects since the last post.

<!--more-->

## SCHOOL

On mid-February, I joined a new school which is closer to my home, and I am enjoying it. I managed to make it to the class I wanted, which is a science stream class with computer science replacing biology. The school is relatively relaxed, with homeworks and assignments not being a big deal. The teachers are nice and helpful, in addition to that, the students are chill and friendly.

I took this opportunity to join the school's computer science club, and got the secretary position! Additionally, I am vice-chairman of my school's Kadet Polis club (uniform unit) and a member of the debate club. I also signed up for the school's prefectorial board, and is currently under probation.

Overall, this new school is great, and exciting. I am looking forward to other opportunities that I can take advantage of.

## LIFE

My life has been fine, but getting used to the new school has been a bit of a challenge. School starts at 07:30, and I need to arrive before 07:00 for the prefectorial morning role call. On days with cocurricular activities, I return home at 16:30 - which is quite exhausting at times, otherwise it is around 14:00-15:00. It is a common occurance that I return home looking like a zombie!

It appears that school is starting to consume a substantial amount of my time and energy, but it is what it is.

## MOVING FORWARD

Moving forward, I have several things I want to do:

- — Rework on the code of [the Revelations](https://revelations.theluqmn.com) and my [portfolio](https://theluqmn.com) - the blogging system could use an improvement.
- — Work on projects that benefits my time, school, and workflows.
- — Exercise on my preferred languages - Go, Python, and C++.

I will have more posts in the future, and I would like you to stay tuned with me and my life's journey!
